decision - place of
Plato - doesn't matter who says the truth as long as the true thing is said
Aristotle - true thing doesn't have to be said in order for good to happen
(phronesis/praxis, etc.; not always how he's been read)
For Plato, that the place of decision is in the no-place of the ideal.
For Kant, that the place of decision is in the no-place of the mind.

For the political question - that the place about which we decide is, first,
the place about which we have some evidence concerning what is true or false.
Then, second, that we follow the right rules for generalizing concerning those
truths.
How do we know that a group of people counts as having the same evidence?
The example in terms of PCA and knowing how many dimensions are needed to come to
an agreement, instead of knowing what a particular function of judgment is
about may be the better place to start.

Idea is that this is a species of the problem with the idea that lots of simple
things add up to be one complicated thing as it gets large enough.
(And that the purpose of science is to be true to the simple things and the
whole at the same time - which is why they want the laws to be unified
representations of the possible acts of perception/simplicity)

For forms - idea is to perhaps use "scene" logic to create an html that fills in
a ControlGroup, then a control - so that different components can use the same
html, with the list for the settings coming from the class definitions??

Why the ways in which the decision about risk on a particular day works
are interesting - the answer comes in situating yourself in a channel, or
along a contour, as opposed to within a particular change of street.


Some possibilities for representing the question:
1 - How many dimensions do you feel are important, and how would you label them?
2 - How do they develop over time?
3 - How do they combine over time?

For example:
65 y.o. AA breast cancer survivor:
a) no evidence that air pollution ups chance of inception of asthma
b) if "no history of asthma", then different way of representing PM vs. Ozone
risks (i.e., if there is a history of heart disease)
c) all the things about self-efficacy and barriers
d) continuing and having a representation of "being on the right track"


Difference between pdq and eigenvector representation...
The pdq is still a representation of causes - i.e., the "web of causation" -
whereas the eigenvector representation is a field of tendencies / densities
(i.e., the tensor representation)

Another way to approach it: the "critical" enterprise became about how subjects
access reality and produce true or false statements. Among those attempts, you
find things like: how do I recognize that I have enough evidence to be
convinced? That something feels right, or feels convincing? That something
follows certain rules, or succeeds at convincing others?

What does it mean for the data to respond to a question, and then to have multiple contexts
where it matters, and so ways that it is reported differently?
The spiky fellow in a contour map???
If all data can also be a context and vice versa, the decision about what to show is
indifferent to the traditional question of subject metaphysics - it becomes, instead,
the question of how to display what place the data has within the projects of our lives.
